1. I chose to write this program in Eclipse using Java and the OpenCSV library. I chose Java for several reasons.
 Java is my favorite and most comfortable programming language. I considered using R or Python, but both of those
 languages are relatively new to me and it is unlikely that I would have had the same level of control and speed
 as I would with Java. Not to mention that Java is lower level and more efficient. I used Eclipse because I am
 used to coding and debugging Java in Eclipse. I used the OpenCSV library to write my tester methods more easily.
 The writer automatically entered string arrays into the csv file with the correct format.


2. One disadvantage of my solution is that it is more complex, since it was written in a lower level language.
 If I used Python or R, the code would have been much more concise, but also slower. Another disadvantage is 
that there is a low level of flexibility in the format of the timestamp. If I had used R, almost any date string
 could have been parsed. In Java however, I had to either assume that the dates would maintain a constant format,
 or write code to account for all other possible date/time formats. Finally, I used extra space with my priority
 queue and hashmap when I could have potentially solved the problem in constant space by sorting the csv file.
 However, that approach would have increased the runtime.

3. My favorite personal project so far has been a radiotherapy report generator that I made for faculty at the
 Medical College of Wisconsin. This project marked the first time I helped people with my code by automating a
 tedious process. The main challenge of this project was that I was using project specifications from doctors who
 did not have much computer science knowledge. Therefore, I had to carefully ask questions and make sure I was
 completely understanding what they were trying to accomplish with the report. Another challenge was that I had
 to adapt to rare technologies and APIs to bridge my program to the Medical College’s radiotherapy machine. From
 this project, I learned about how much I love wrangling data and abstracting large and convoluted datasets into
 simple conclusions.
